All right I made it my choice to actually show you how to do some more refactoring with this little
couple applications that we have here.
So we are going to be facing some of these things there.
Well it is called refactoring.
Once you're done with your application then you want to organize some of the data into modular pieces.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We have a couple of pieces here that we need to organize and we have inside in my as well for them.
There we have logging create here we will like to put this into a function.
It will be very nice to put into a function so we can't call it from down here.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's go ahead and do that real quick.
Then will jump into the read file and make sure that all the files are correctly correct also and put
into functions.
All right.
So all right so this one here this is the create.
So this is automatically every time we go into the form we put something in there and we create something
for us right.
Well we need to actually put let it let the user know that they are going to be creating something in
this case the user is you.
So we're just going to put a h one here and call this create just to know and a little class here from
Bootstrap called Test Center if I can put this inside that would be nice.
That center is going to center my right my form.
There we go create a we know that that's going to create.
Let's make sure that binds them.
Also that says Create.
Right.
There we go.
So at least we know that.
Now let's go ahead and put all of this into a function.
They just grab it from here.
This is how this whole thing could actually grabbed the whole thing here.
This whole thing even if it's submit we can just grab it there and then put it into the functions and
we can just put these all the way on top
and let's just make sure that function.
This is going to say create rows.
That's the name of it.
We're going to put this into a function and let's just wrap it up right here and then we can grab the
name of the function and go back to the Create.
Let's first include it right here.
Let's put the function here so we don't lose they lose the losing memory right.
And let's do another include here for functions that BHB
array
and we can just call this here.
All right let's use use another one here and let's just call this
we can call these anywhere we want.
As a matter of fact we can call in the body if we wanted to.
I'm just going to color here.
That's fine with me.
All right.
You just take that off go back to Funches and make sure we save it here and we need to put a variable
global in here.
Hopefully you're not getting lost here OK.
It's very simple stuff fact when you already went through the wars.
All right so let's go back to the create and we're here.
So let's test it out and see if it works OK.
All right.
So let's create as.
Yes let's just make sure there.
And so on password students create perfect.
And let's go back and check.
Perfect.
So that's working in Dallas a lot better doesn't it.
Now I want a massive sheet that will say probably create or something that right every time we submit
this file.
So let's go back to functions and let's do that.
So if submit I submit this goes through.
All right.
I want to create something like this is going to go to so pompon perfect.
I got the query.
Let me just condense this a little bit here right.
Just keep it separated for you.
Actually.
All right.
So what I want to do if this is submitted.
I want to say and he goes through if not resolved if if else just let's just put a message here.
If it went through we're just going to say recreate it right.
Record created that would be nice right there.
That's just something that we understand.
Let's go here on the Logan underscore create.
Right.
And let's just say really meant for an end is for this.
So you're right it is.
I don't know about this don't write what I'm saying and what I'm writing OK.
And going to create all right create and now we got record created right here.
You can even put a CSSA one here.
OK.
We just want a little feedback saying that the record was created.
All right so hopefully that will help you out when you are creating your little test application if
you want to do that.
All right so now let's go to the read page and let's make sure that we have three page.
Don't we just have this showing here.
But you could put this data into a table if you want.
And you can put the idea into one column on the table they use an image to another column.
You can play around with those fields.
We're not going to do much here.
All right.
So what about the update.
Let's check the update.
All right.
So the other day let's put a title there.
OK.
I think if it looks better if we put a title so let's go to the day one.
All right.
Just make sure we have any working files there.
That's all I was doing.
And let's go to the forum here and let's just say each one update.
All right and let's go to the functions and then we have it right here right.
And then we're going to put a message just like we did when we created this else and this would be in
the update table right here.
Let's just base that in there and we're going to say record Recker data.
All right.
Let's go to the of the file.
And we're going to be updating number 13 and we're going to say something like I don't know Mr. Mr.
basketball
crazy fast we're here and going to click Update and he's going to say Recker update it.
All right cool.
Well come here refresh us make sure the records update.
Mr. Basketball.
Now let's go to that one.
Let's go up here the.
All right.
So yeah we do need something there.
All right Sunday of day we are good.
Here we go this and we don't need it of say here.
If set we can include in the function the other side.
All right so let's first let's go ahead and.
All right.
Let's go to the delete one that just fits the delete.
We're going to take this say out of here too.
All right so the delete one doesn't say delete so let's make sure he does delete.
And I think the lead.
Let's just put a little class there to make it tetch center to make it centered at center.
Perfect.
And let's go let's go to functions here.
We have the elves.
Let's just take it.
Let's go to the delete.
Let's put it right here right here.
Deleted
it.
And let's just get the statement here right.
Let's do that.
Let's get that.
If we don't need it here just do it here.
All right.
Let's go to the the lead the functions and that was a deadly one right.
Let's just make it here eat right here
OK.
They live here.
All right.
Perfect.
So that's working this is the lead.
This record.
Perfect 12 deleted.
All right.
So I mean we're looking good.
We can we can take this off if we wanted to.
All right.
Now you can extend the function and just delete whatever records you want to really depending you King
the values here if you want by making that function select from users and pick all day key.
I mean you can't stand it and make it really nice.
But anyway we're not going to do that.
That would take a long time on this.
Of course I don't want to take more of your time.
That would be.
That would be probably an advantage BHB tutorial of course.
So I think we are done here.
Let's just do a check of date.
Let's just take this out of here.
Let's just do the same thing we did we deal with the delete.
Take that out.
Saving them come back to functions.
This was the update.
All right let's go to functions and let's do the funk update right here whoops
right there.
Perfect.
Good.
All right.
So we are good to go.
All right so if for those of you that follow this we're factoring great congratulations.
You learn how to refactor some of the data that we got here.
And for those of you that want to see more refactoring watch the next video.
If not just jump into the next section because you know what I want to do some more refactoring here
in this document could do a lot better than what he's doing right now so if you want more refactoring
keep watching.
Thank you